How do you do things as a president?
It's weird to find something wrong
I can only cancel the afternoon golf
Although there is no golf
This surprises others
Definitely uncomfortable
Vice President Li saved me
President, what's the matter with him?
The driver, Lao Li, should confess
The vice president's strict prohibition must have caused him to cause a car accident
Work together
You can't
How could I possibly do such a thing?
Designated that you are going to work part-time
Is this true or false?
Mr. Liu is here to tell you
Grandpa, why are you back?
Grandpa, Yuan Kaizhuan and I were invited back from Europe
For all this